CSCFA Specification Reference Division 
[
    "cscfa-csr@division.cscfa.fr",
    "cscfa-contact@cscfa.fr"
]

Specification - CSR

Abstract

    This document specify how the CSR documents must be used and created.
    
Table of Contents
    1. Implementation
    2. Document structure
        2.1. Line length restriction
        2.2. CSR Creator
        2.3. CSR title
        2.4. CSR Abstract
        2.5. CSR Table of content
        2.6. CSR Extends
        2.7. CSR Implement
        2.8. CSR sections

1. Implementation
    This CSR implement the RFC 2119

2. Document structure

    As default specification document the CSR MUST follow a common structure.
    
    2.1. Line length restriction
    
    The CSR documents MUST NOT exceed 120 characters line length.
    
    2.2. CSR Creator
    
    The CSR documents MUST specify the creator on first line. This creator MAY be physical person or any existing team.

    The CSR creators SHOULD specify a contact element into brackets. Each contact elements MUST be enclosed into 
quotes (single or double) and separated by coma. The contact elements MAY be wrote on several lines. The contacts 
elements MUST be ordered by prefered destination.

    2.3. CSR title
    
    Following the CSR creator element, the CSR documents MUST define a title. This title MUST be composed of 
'Specification - ', followed by the specification target.

    2.4. CSR Abstract
    
    Following the CSR title, the CSR documents MUST define an 'Abstract' section that describe the specification 
target.
    
    2.5. CSR Table of content
    
    Following the CSR Abstract, the CSR document MUST offer a 'Table of Contents' section that specify the sections of
the document. This Table of content MUST be indented by four (4) spaces at each sub-section level. The section levels
MUST be ordered and each sub-section MUST be sub-ordered and separated by dots into the section order naming.

    For example, the third sub section of the second root section will be ordered as '2.3.'.

    The section order naming SHOULD and by a dot and be followed by a space before the section title.
    
    2.6. CSR Extends
    
    The CSR document MAY specify another CSR to extends. In this case, the extended CSR MUST create a section named
EXTENDED BY. The Extends section imply that the CSR document replace or enhance sections of the extended CSR.

    This extend section SHOULD NOT extend more than one (1) other CSR. In case of more than one CSR is extended by the
document, the extended sections MUST be followed by the extended CSR title.

    2.7. CSR Implement
    
    The CSR document MAY specify any number of CSR or RFC to implement. In this case, the CSR document define a set of
rules that the document import from another CSR or RFC. The reader of the document MUST consider that the implemented
CSR or RFC are parts of the document.

    2.8. CSR sections
    
    The CSR document SHOULD specify any number of sections.
